---
layout: post
title: Why sponsoring us makes sense?
date: 2020-04-19 10:00:00 +0000
description: We respect your brand, love our community and deliver unpon the promise.
img: devrel-events-750.png
tags: [DevRel, Meetups, About]
---

## This playlist autoupdates with new videos
You can save this playlist if the theme of community leadership and developer events is of your interest. As we run our meetups or find cool lectures or workshops - we add them to this playlist. 

Or you can just Subscribe to [youtube.com/devrelevents](https://www.youtube.com/devrelevents). 

<div class="embed-youtube">
<iframe width="100%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLOY5WvYhE7ctJQHhoh73lp87BUFcFECfR" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

We run bi-weekly meetups that have various themes, such as "public speaking for devs", "KPIs in devrel" and more. Each themed meetup has a slightly different audience and mood but bases on a consistent format that defines user experience.

We stream our meetups live at [devrel.events/live](https://devrel.events/live) and then upload to [youtube.com/devrelevents](https://www.youtube.com/devrelevents) as short watchable pieces of great content.

## Currently the page is mostly palceholders

But hey, we're a small team. We'll make it! 

In the meantime watch our meext meetup at [devrel.events/live](https://devrel.events/live)

## These are companies and organisations that support us: 
We almost have the structure for bigger and smaller partners and supporters. It will show up here soon.

Also here's an inspiration of some recent support we've got:

* Civo Cloud - sponsor a cloud account for video meetups
* SlashData - help to org and promote our events
* Grafana - sponsor our Meetup.com group
* Women Go Tech - make sure our copy is inclusive and friendly, help promote our events
* Vilnius Tech Park - help promoting our events

## These is the program for Devrel Events Online Season 1:

July 22
* Viktor Gamov, Developer Advocate at Confluent - I’m not a YouTuber; come and learn how you can be one, or die trying
* Shodipo Ayomide, Senior Developer Advocate at Fleek HQ - Principles guiding technical articles for dev.to
* Mia Moore, Developer Advocate at IBM - topic TBA

July 8
* Suyash Joshi, Developer Advocate and SPM for Oracle Cloud - Storytelling for technical speakers
* Edidiong Asikpo, Software Engineer at Interswitch Group - The Developer Ecosystem in Africa
* Nora Navardauskaitė - topic TBA

June 24
* Alyss Noland, Senior Developer Advocate at Box - Metrics aren’t your north star
* Richard Muir, Data Journalist at SlashData -Three perspectives on the success of developer relations
* Patrick Woods, Co-founder of Orbit.love 

June 10
* Leon Stigter, Product Manager App Toolkit at VMware - Every talk has to be unique, right?
* Heidi Waterhouse, Developer Advocate at LaunchDarkly - Speaker bio: I am having an existential crisis
* Ciro Continisio, Developer Advocate at Unity Technologies - Building Curiosity: Making feature demos actually interesting

May 27
* Neringa Young, founder of BuildStuff.events - How to sell your virtual event?
* Lerika Mallaeva, founder of DevGAMM - Moving my conference online: do's and don'ts
* Robin Moffatt, Senior Developer Advocate at Confluent - I'm not a YouTuber; come and learn how you can not be one too

May 13
* Laura Silvanavičiūtė, Frontend Software Engineer at Swedbank - How to become a speaker 101
* Akshat Sharma, Developer Relations & Ecosystem at Tradeling - Public speaking as a developer
* Veronica Hanus, a programmer and an often speaker - How do I know what I am good to speak about

April 29
* Felix Kerger, Developer Advocate at King: Building a good API reference with open source tools
* Lorna Mitchell, Senior Developer Advocate at Nexmo - API documentation with OpenAPI
* Qian (Chocolate) Lu, Technical Writer at Curity - Encouraging developers to write docs

April 15
* Hassan Al Kazmi, Artist Advocate at King - How much support should a developer advocate provide
* Janina Łaszkiewicz, Agile Coach, Community Manager, Founder of Eventspace.by - Doing events so developers like them 3000
* Mostafa Moradian, Developer Advocate at Load Impact - DevRel content strategies with a focus on SEO optimization for developers

{% include_relative partners-footer.md %}

## Why working with us makes sense?
This is a place for a pitch, the about, the team, the credits and all the reasons to fall in love with us.